1. Which two pieces of information are included in your organization's log?
Select only one answer.
A.  The user that performed the action and the date and time of the action.
B.  The date and time of the action and changes in permissions.
C.  Changes in permissions and users being promoted to administrators.
D.  Users being promoted to administrators and the user that performed the action.

Answer: A
Explanation: Logs typically include the user who performed the action and the timestamp


2. What file should you use to create documentation for collaborators that lists supported versions of the project? Select only one answer.
A.  SECURITY.md
B.  CONTRIBUTING.md
C.  SUPPORT.md
D.  .gitignore file

Answer: A
Explanation: SECURITY.md is used to document security-related information, including supported versions.


3. What tool should you use to automate part of your security process? Select only one answer.
A.  Add Dependabot to your code base.
B.  Add access restrictions to your enterprise.
C.  Create security documentation.
D.  Add advisories for your users.

Answer: A
Explanation: Dependabot automates dependency updates to address security vulnerabilities


4. Which two pieces of information should be included in a security advisory? Select only one answer.
A.  Product affected and severity.
B.  Severity and exposure list.
C.  Administrator name and severity.
D.  Exposures list and administrator name.

Answer: A
Explanation: A security advisory should include the affected product and the severity of the issue


5. As an organization owner, you want to ensure that everyone who is signed in to your corporate network can access the GitHub website without requiring a second sign-in. Which technology would you enable to accomplish this?
Select only one answer.
A.  Single sign-on
B.  Two-factor authentication
C.  Personal Access Tokens
D.  SSH keys

Answer: A
Explanation: A


6. Where does a user authenticate after enabling SAML Single sign-on? Select only one answer.
A.  With a GitHub login
B.  With the organization credentials
C.  With the Identity Provider (IdP)
D.  With a two-factor authentication login

Answer: C
Explanation: Users authenticate with the Identity Provider (IdP) after enabling SAML SSO.

7. What two-factor authentication method supports the secure backup of your authentication codes in the cloud? Select only one answer.
A.  Time-based One-time Password (TOTP)
B.  Short Message Service (SMS)
C.  Security Key
D.  Phone call

Answer: A
Explanation:  TOTP supports secure backup of authentication codes in the cloud.



8. What type of user authentication is used to verify a user identity against a known identity provider?
Select only one answer.
A.  Two-factor authentication (2FA)
B.  Time-based One-time Password (TOTP)
C.  SAML Single Sign-on (SAML SSO)
D.  Short Message Service (SMS)

Answer: C
Explanation: SAML SSO verifies user identity against an identity provider.


9. You're an admin and want to enable team synchronization for your organization. What installation permissions do you need to configure team synchronization for Microsoft Entra ID?
Select only one answer.
A.  Provide the tenant URL
B.  Read all users' full profiles
C.  Generate a valid Single Sign-on for Web Systems (SSWS) token
D.  Enable SAML Single Sign-on (SSO)

Answer: B
Explanation: Reading all users' full profiles is required to configure team synchronization.


10. You want to grant a user the permissions required to add and remove organization members to and from a team. Which permission would you need to grant that user?
Select only one answer.
A.  The admin permission on a repository
B.  The maintain permission on a repository
C.  Organization billing manager
D.  Team maintainer

Answer: D
Explanation: Team maintainer permissions allow adding and removing members from a team


11. What's the purpose of a team?
Select only one answer.
A.  A team allows you to manage an organization account.
B.  A team allows you to control permission levels for an enterprise.
C.  A team allows a single user to sign in using different accounts credentials.
D.  A team is intended to reflect a company or group's structure. It's used to provide cascading access permissions and make it easy to notify all team members via mentions.

Answer: D
Explanation: Teams are used for structuring groups and managing permissions efficiently.


12. What's the appropriate repository permission level for contributors who need to actively push changes to your repository?
A.  admin
B.  write
C.  triage
D.  maintain

Answer: B
Explanation: Write permissions allow contributors to push changes to the repository.


13. What's the difference between GitHub organization accounts and GitHub personal/user accounts?
A.  Organizational accounts are shared accounts, while personal/user accounts are for individuals.
B.  You pay more for organization accounts versus personal/user accounts.
C.  They're exactly the same.
D.  Personal/user accounts have more access than organization accounts.

Answer: A
Explanation:  Organizational accounts enable shared access among multiple users, whereas personal accounts are intended for use by a single individual.


14. What's the best reason to decide to upgrade to the GitHub Enterprise product?
A.  Because you want to use GitHub Actions and Codespaces.
B.  Because your VP needs to use GitHub Insights.
C.  Because you want to centrally manage users and repositories across multiple organizations.
D.  Because you want to use the team pull request reviewers feature.

Answer: C
Explanation: Centralized management is a key feature of GitHub Enterprise.


15. What is a feature of GitHub Connect?
A.  Sharing data between GitHub Enterprise Server and GitHub Enterprise Cloud.
B.  Allowing you to limit the sharing of your organization's documentation.
C.  It has authentication with Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML) single sign-on and access provisioning with SAML or System for Cross-domain Identity Management (SCIM).
D.  Allows instant messaging between users

Answer: A
Explanation: GitHub Connect enables sharing data between GitHub Enterprise Server and GitHub Enterprise Cloud.


16. What feature can you use to expand the kinds of actions that you can automate in response to common GitHub events?
A.  GitHub Actions
B.  GitHub Advanced Security
C.  Dependabot
D.  Code scanning

Answer: A
Explanation: GitHub Actions allows you to automate responses to GitHub events.


17. What actions can you take at enterprise level to manage the use of GitHub Actions in your enterprise instance?
A.  Create workflow templates
B.  Configure a GitHub Actions use policy
C.  Manually sync public actions in Enterprise Cloud
D.  Enable secret scanning

Answer: B
Explanation: Configuring a use policy is a key action for managing GitHub Actions.


18. What actions can you take to configure self-hosted runners for your enterprise use?
A.  Create and add custom labels to your runners
B.  Add proxy configurations to your runners after they start.
C.  Add the IP address or IP address range of your runners at repository level.
D.  Configure self-hosted runners to automatically update their operating system.

Answer: A
Explanation: Adding custom labels helps organize and manage self-hosted runners.


19. What are encrypted secrets?
A.  Encrypted secrets are authentication tokens you can generate in your account settings.
B.  Encrypted secrets are the equivalent of SSH keys in GitHub.
C.  Encrypted secrets are encrypted environment variables you can create to store sensitive information.
D.  Encrypted secrets are public keys used to encrypt data in transit.

Answer: C
Explanation:  Encrypted secrets are used to securely store sensitive environment variables.


20. GitHub support is limited to which of the following issues?
A.  Account, Security, and Abuse issues.
B.  Security, server, and 2FA issues.
C.  Account, server, and security issues.
D.  Account, 2FA, and security issues.

Answer: A
Explanation: GitHub support focuses on account, security, and abuse-related issues.


21. Which GitHub priority should you use to report critical system failures?
A.  Urgent
B.  High
C.  Normal
D.  Low

Answer: A
Explanation: 'Urgent' is the priority for critical system failures.


22. What's a function you can execute on GitHub Mobile?
A.  Check out branches with pull requests and view CI statuses.
B.  Compare changed images.
C.  Add and clone repositories.
D.  Manage, triage, and clear notifications from github.com.

Answer: D
Explanation:  GitHub Mobile allows you to manage notifications effectively.


23. What is the best way to report a bug to a GitHub project?
A.  Send an email to a project owner.
B.  I don't bother reporting software bugs because there's no transparency, and they never get fixed anyway.
C.  Search for the bug in the project's existing issues, and create a new one if it hasn't been reported yet.
D.  Create a detailed issue report with steps to reproduce the bug.

Answer: C
Explanation: Searching for existing issues and creating a new one if necessary is the best way to report a bug.


24. Suppose you created a bug fix on a new branch and want it to become part of the next production build generated from the main branch. What should you do next?
A.  Copy your branch changes and commit them directly to the main branch.
B.  Create a pull request to merge your new branch into the main branch.
C.  On second thought, maybe I won't share this fix. I'll just put it in my own private version of the source code.
D.  Create a new branch from the main branch and copy your changes to the new branch.

Answer: B
Explanation: Pull request is used to start code review and transfer changes from new branches into the main branch.


25. Suppose you'd like to work with a project on GitHub, but you don't have write access to the project. What can you do to contribute?
A.  Fork the project's repository to your GitHub account, clone the forked repository to your local machine, push changes to your repository, and submit a pull request to the target (upstream) repository.
B.  Clone the project to your local machine and push updates directly to the project repository.
C.  Use git commands to make a copy of the project so that you can work locally. Submit an issue to get your changes into the target repository.
D.  Use git commands to make a copy of the project so that you can work locally. Submit a pull request to get your changes into the target repository.

Answer: A
Explanation: Forking the repository and submitting a pull request is the standard way to contribute without write access.


26. When pulling an image to your local environment, which credentials are needed?
A.  Your GitHub username and a Personal Access Token.
B.  The name of the organization and an API Key.
C.  The name of the package and a package key.
D.  Your GitHub username and a password.

Answer: A
Explanation: A GitHub username and a Personal Access Token are required to pull an image.


27. How can you authenticate to GitHub Packages from your local development environment?
A.  With an API Key.
B.  With my GitHub Credentials (username and password).
C.  With a Personal Access Token.
D.  With a GitHub App.

Answer: C
Explanation: A Personal Access Token is required for authentication.


28. In which scenarios should you NOT use GitHub Packages?
A.  When I want to share code between methods of my application.
B.  When I want to share container images among developers of your team.
C.  When I want to publish a small code library as an open-source project.
D.  When I want to manage version control for my codebase.

Answer: A
Explanation: GitHub Packages is not intended for sharing code between methods of an application
